# Weekly report 6
This week has been dedicated to making the binary search work. I had some difficulties trying to sort the files in a directory in such an order that my algorithm would be able to return the expected result. I finally managed, I think, by implementing a custom comparator to handle situations where file names might begin the same, but the other one might contain numbers after as well (i.e., comparing names `thisisaname_private_key_txt` and `thisisaname500_private_key_txt`). If I was comparing just the username parts, the default array sorting would work, but because the file names contain other characters as well, the order is thrown off and the result of `Arrays.sort` is not what I want (i.e., I want `thisisaname` to come before `thisisaname500`). This was quite a frustrating task that required a nice amount of `System.out.println`, but it should work as intended now!

I also added a simple functionality that copies the encrypted message to the clipboard. It makes the life of the user a bit easier, because they don't have to copy the encryption result from the command line manually.

I noticed that handling and creating files when running the JAR file would be impossible with the directory structure I had implemented, so I tried another approach. I create the necessary directories in the `FileHelper` constructor, and the directories and files will be located in the same directory where the program is run. It seemed to work when I quickly tested it, but more work needs to be done to ensure that everything goes smoothly. I added a new plugin to prepare for the final hurdle, which is to generate an executable JAR at the end of the course. I still need to see if I'm missing some configurations or something else (I get a warning of overlapping resource `META-INF/MANIFEST.MF`).