# Weekly report 2
I started coding during the first week already, but as mentioned in the previous weekly report, it took me by surprise how many algorithms I was actually going to have to implement. I'm not good at maths, so any of the articles with just mathematical notation and letters in the place of numbers did not help. I had a difficult time understanding in which cases the Miller-Rabin test would fail and when it would pass, but once I figured it out and could return the boolean values with confidence, I was a bit happier with how things were going.

I also had some problems understanding how the Extended Euclidean Algorithm worked in practice. After staring at my screen for quite some time and trying to convince myself that I knew what was going on each row, I finally resorted to YouTube and watched the first video that came up. That video ([The Extended Euclidean algorithm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hB34-GSDT3k&pp=ygUcZXh0ZW5kZWQgZXVjbGlkZWFuIGFsZ29yaXRobQ%3D%3D "The Extended Euclidean algorithm")) proved to be an excellent source, and I think I got the hang of it after working through a couple of examples with pen and paper. However, I think there is a bug somewhere in the algorithm I wrote, because when I try to compute the private key <d, n>, I sometimes get negative values. Apparently d should never be negative, so I have to try to debug the algorithm and see if I can work out what's wrong.

Another problem is the generation of primes. It sort of works, but if I don't give an upper limit for the random number that will be tested for primality, the process takes forever. At the moment I have set the prime candidates to be generated within range 0-10000, but I need to come up with a way to generate larger primes so that the key generation is a bit more convincing. If there are any tips as to how I should approach this, I would be interested to know.

This has been a week of pain for the most part. I managed to get JUnit and JaCoCo to work, but the next day everything broke down when I added a dependency so that I could use ToStringBuilder. I spent three hours trying to figure out what on earth was going on, and since I am not very familiar with Maven's dependency management, it was a method of trial and error. I finally got the tests working again, but now I'm running into trouble with classpaths. I am getting a bit tired of fighting with somewhat irrelevant things, so I just added a note to the project README to remind myself how I can actually run the program without errors. I'll have to investigate the classpath situation once the project code itself is progressing nicely.