# Weekly report 3
This has once again been a tough week. The teacher suggested that I use BigInteger instead of long when creating public and private keys, and it took me a couple of hours to change the data type. Overall, that was not a difficult task - the only confusing part was when I had to compare BigIntegers. When using long, the comparison was very simple and I could use `==`, `<` and `>`, but comparing BigIntegers was a tiny bit more complicated. Checking for equality almost made me rip out my hair, but fortunately I found out that I should use `oneBigInteger.equals(BigInteger.ONE)` instead of `oneBigInteger == BigInteger.ONE` before I lost all my hair.

While waiting for last week's feedback, I decided to start implementing the logic for writing and reading files. I'm not sure if I should call this a mistake or not, because I know that the file operations need to be implemented at some point, but perhaps I should have saved it for another point of time. This week was quite stressful, and I am not comfortable pushing actual work this close to the final deadline. Writing JUnit tests for the file writes and reads was somewhat of a nightmare, and the tests definitely need to be reviewed in the coming weeks. Overall, I would like the test coverage to be higher and the tests to be better overall, but I did not have time to focus on testing as much as I would have liked this week.

I got some tips as to how I could make the code run faster when generating primes, without specifying a fixed range for the generated random number. The secret was to create more small primes to use when testing the divisibility of the generated random number before continuing to the Miller-Rabin test. I had previously used just a few very small primes, but now the code checks if the generated number is divisible by the first 200 primes, and if not, only then does the code go on to the more intensive and time-consuming Miller-Rabin testing.